{"toolset_name":"kubernetes/core","tool_name":"kubectl_get_by_kind_in_namespace","match_params":{"kind":"pod","namespace":"default"}}
stdout:
NAME                                                         READY   STATUS                  RESTARTS           AGE
alertmanager-robusta-kube-prometheus-st-alertmanager-0       2/2     Running                 10 (3h51m ago)     6d22h
analytics-exporter-slow-684486cfb7-2b6lf                     1/1     Running                 68 (56m ago)       10d
curl-deployment-6c67b4656-qdzgg                              1/1     Running                 24 (3h51m ago)     31d
customer-orders-6f5cbdf85-c5fsf                              2/2     Running                 46 (3h51m ago)     29d
db-certs-authenticator-757f89d977-4qfst                      0/1     CrashLoopBackOff        2121 (3m17s ago)   31d
frontend-service                                             1/1     Running                 7 (3h51m ago)      10d
get-data-wpsss                                               0/1     Error                   0                  32d
grafana-k8s-monitoring-alloy-0                               2/2     Running                 126 (3h51m ago)    77d
grafana-k8s-monitoring-alloy-events-799cc88c88-9pllx         2/2     Running                 131 (3h51m ago)    77d
grafana-k8s-monitoring-alloy-logs-t4ktj                      2/2     Running                 131 (3h51m ago)    77d
grafana-k8s-monitoring-kepler-2hntq                          1/1     Running                 46 (3h51m ago)     77d
grafana-k8s-monitoring-kube-state-metrics-5ff5b4947b-b7l57   1/1     Running                 129 (3h51m ago)    77d
grafana-k8s-monitoring-opencost-5b67d55db5-nwp7l             1/1     Running                 73 (3h51m ago)     77d
grafana-k8s-monitoring-prometheus-node-exporter-wjb7d        1/1     Running                 46 (3h51m ago)     77d
java-api-checker-mdr44                                       1/1     Running                 0                  48s
kafka-client                                                 0/1     Unknown                 0                  76d
kafka-consumer                                               0/1     Unknown                 0                  75d
kafka-controller-0                                           1/1     Running                 110 (101m ago)     75d
kafka-controller-1                                           1/1     Running                 114 (46m ago)      75d
kafka-controller-2                                           1/1     Running                 118 (113m ago)     75d
kafka-producer                                               0/1     Unknown                 0                  75d
logging-agent                                                0/1     Init:CrashLoopBackOff   2510 (18s ago)     29d
login-app-58995d8584-pbv8p                                   3/3     Running                 21 (3h51m ago)     10d
meme-deployment-74db7bc95c-gdgfg                             1/1     Running                 24 (3h51m ago)     31d
meme-deployment-74db7bc95c-qn84d                             1/1     Running                 24 (3h51m ago)     31d
prometheus-robusta-kube-prometheus-st-prometheus-0           2/2     Running                 10 (3h51m ago)     6d22h
robusta-forwarder-5c5fdbbf57-8rzzh                           1/1     Running                 5 (3h51m ago)      6d22h
robusta-grafana-8588b8fb85-4x2zv                             3/3     Running                 15 (3h51m ago)     6d22h
robusta-holmes-84c7574786-mf5dq                              1/1     Running                 1 (3h51m ago)      19h
robusta-kube-prometheus-st-operator-6885c8f675-bbm7t         1/1     Running                 8 (3h51m ago)      6d22h
robusta-kube-state-metrics-8667fd9775-lb5nx                  1/1     Running                 8 (3h51m ago)      6d22h
robusta-prometheus-node-exporter-dcnp5                       1/1     Running                 5 (3h51m ago)      6d22h
robusta-runner-86d77844dc-4xlwl                              1/1     Running                 6 (3h51m ago)      5d21h
user-profile-resources-659d4dd659-cq4kq                      0/1     Pending                 0                  31d

stderr:
