{"toolset_name":"kubernetes/live-metrics","tool_name":"kubectl_top_pods","match_params":{}}
NAMESPACE            NAME                                                          CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)
default              alertmanager-robusta-kube-prometheus-st-alertmanager-0        5m           67Mi
default              checkout-service-5bcd6bf54-g8ckl                              0m           6Mi
default              prometheus-robusta-kube-prometheus-st-prometheus-0            19m          537Mi
default              robusta-forwarder-5c5fdbbf57-qxcps                            1m           43Mi
default              robusta-grafana-8588b8fb85-6dvqf                              2m           354Mi
default              robusta-holmes-5496fbd88d-c9rjm                               2m           252Mi
default              robusta-kube-prometheus-st-operator-7b648cddcc-ctq72          1m           30Mi
default              robusta-kube-state-metrics-7c64697bb5-82g94                   1m           28Mi
default              robusta-prometheus-node-exporter-4khmg                        3m           14Mi
default              robusta-prometheus-node-exporter-6qwtr                        1m           14Mi
default              robusta-prometheus-node-exporter-fjhkc                        4m           15Mi
default              robusta-prometheus-node-exporter-txdwl                        2m           13Mi
default              robusta-prometheus-node-exporter-v6z8f                        2m           12Mi
default              robusta-runner-86d77844dc-x59kq                               7m           490Mi
kube-system          coredns-7c65d6cfc9-jj2tr                                      2m           32Mi
kube-system          coredns-7c65d6cfc9-sfwq9                                      2m           30Mi
kube-system          etcd-local-kind-multi-node-control-plane                      16m          125Mi
kube-system          kindnet-7fn5h                                                 1m           32Mi
kube-system          kindnet-blx47                                                 1m           32Mi
kube-system          kindnet-fx6gs                                                 1m           31Mi
kube-system          kindnet-sk66r                                                 1m           33Mi
kube-system          kindnet-xkhjr                                                 1m           32Mi
kube-system          kube-apiserver-local-kind-multi-node-control-plane            28m          414Mi
kube-system          kube-controller-manager-local-kind-multi-node-control-plane   16m          87Mi
kube-system          kube-proxy-2df2m                                              1m           28Mi
kube-system          kube-proxy-4cnlv                                              1m           30Mi
kube-system          kube-proxy-4ntzc                                              1m           29Mi
kube-system          kube-proxy-4tkww                                              1m           28Mi
kube-system          kube-proxy-rxwxt                                              1m           28Mi
kube-system          kube-scheduler-local-kind-multi-node-control-plane            2m           28Mi
kube-system          metrics-server-5d557df645-pp2vs                               3m           32Mi
local-path-storage   local-path-provisioner-57c5987fd4-6lr2w                       1m           13Mi
loki                 loki-0                                                        16m          507Mi
loki                 loki-canary-8ft74                                             1m           25Mi
loki                 loki-canary-8qskz                                             2m           22Mi
loki                 loki-canary-dw6bf                                             1m           27Mi
loki                 loki-canary-qdc99                                             1m           23Mi
loki                 loki-chunks-cache-0                                           1m           35Mi
loki                 loki-gateway-8598d788c5-cvw8c                                 3m           12Mi
loki                 loki-minio-0                                                  3m           344Mi
loki                 loki-results-cache-0                                          1m           11Mi
loki                 promtail-fcq5r                                                14m          71Mi
loki                 promtail-h8pqm                                                7m           55Mi
loki                 promtail-p5v98                                                11m          65Mi
loki                 promtail-rh7jk                                                10m          61Mi
loki                 promtail-vb2lj                                                10m          59Mi
minishop             auth-service-f79c78ccb-zzr9j                                  3m           56Mi
minishop             backend-service-66468d89c8-sxrjj                              5m           74Mi
minishop             checkout-service-66cb4b6c4b-77chl                             3m           54Mi
minishop             fraud-service-5f8b576878-slnpb                                3m           47Mi
otel                 tempo-compactor-6449f6bc74-tc65s                              2m           32Mi
otel                 tempo-distributor-7b6d9d8c99-b4jzk                            2m           34Mi
otel                 tempo-ingester-0                                              2m           35Mi
otel                 tempo-ingester-1                                              2m           37Mi
otel                 tempo-ingester-2                                              2m           34Mi
otel                 tempo-memcached-0                                             1m           2Mi
otel                 tempo-minio-66d6b8855d-gmzzf                                  1m           143Mi
otel                 tempo-querier-6886c98b8-kqc7f                                 2m           46Mi
otel                 tempo-query-frontend-c9468768d-s4nt4                          1m           29Mi
tempo                opentelemetry-collector-agent-429wn                           2m           47Mi
tempo                opentelemetry-collector-agent-7xmxm                           1m           45Mi
tempo                opentelemetry-collector-agent-gwj5b                           2m           50Mi
tempo                opentelemetry-collector-agent-q5vxv                           2m           45Mi
tempo                tempo-compactor-85ff7677f9-gct7j                              2m           191Mi
tempo                tempo-distributor-84f895f498-gxhp6                            4m           62Mi
tempo                tempo-ingester-0                                              3m           315Mi
tempo                tempo-ingester-1                                              3m           353Mi
tempo                tempo-ingester-2                                              3m           365Mi
tempo                tempo-memcached-0                                             1m           4Mi
tempo                tempo-minio-66c66b4764-r8tlf                                  1m           167Mi
tempo                tempo-querier-67474d8b6c-b5q7j                                2m           54Mi
tempo                tempo-query-frontend-67dd557d55-7x6nv                         1m           35Mi
